Welcome to Baria Temple International Church's Podcast.
I am your host Timothy, and we're here together on this beautiful day to hear from God.
So let's all prepare ourselves to receive what God has in store for us today.
Let's begin.
We are.
We are a church member.
We are a unified voice in a lost and dying world as we just talked about.
We are an Assemblies of God church.
We belong to the Assemblies of God denomination fellowship.
We've gone through our 16 fundamental truths.
And now we have gone through a series of what it is to be a church member.
And we have based our series loosely in Tom Rayner's book.
I am a church member.
It's about that big.
It's super thin, but it has information that is important for us.
And so as we dig in today, I want to start off by telling you a story that during the Spanish American War, Clara Barton, who was the founder of the Red Cross, Clara Barton was overseeing the work of the Red Cross in Cuba.
One day, Colonel Theodore Roosevelt came to her wanting to buy food for his sick and wounded rough riders.
Barton refused to sell him any.
Roosevelt was perplexed because he was prepared to pay out of his own funds when he was asked why he could not buy the supplies.
He was told, Colonel, just ask for it.
A smile broke over Roosevelt's face.
Now he understood provisions were not for sale.
All he had to do was simply ask and they would be given freely for all of us that are in the body of Christ.
We've experienced this same situation, amen?
We have received a gift that all we had to do was ask for it.
We didn't have to go and pay out any money.
We didn't have to come to a religious leader and bow and say something and do something and all of that.
We simply said, Abba, Father, I need you.
He said, just ask and it's a free gift and I will graciously give it.
But it was a free gift to us.
It was not in fact a free gift, right?
It was costly.
That gift of salvation cost Jesus his very own life, but it didn't cost us anything.
He didn't ask us to give in like manner.
He didn't ask us to give up our life to die.
for that salvation.
So as we've been doing, there's some questions to ponder.
Why is the free gift of salvation such a precious gift?
And what did you do to receive this gift?
Well, we've answered those.
I hope you already have known.
If you are not a child of God, I'm going to give you these answers.
Why is the gift of salvation such a precious gift?
Because Jesus died on the cross for it.
He shed his own blood that, and while you're still a sinner, he died for you.
What do you need to do to receive this gift?
Simply say, Jesus, may I have it?
May I have your spirit?
Will you be the Lord of my life?
If you'll notice, we've started with the closing.
Typically, we give an invitation.
We talk about salvation at the close of our time.
But as we're closing out this series, this is our last message on being a church member.
I want us to see that scripture emphasizes church membership.
But it's also a precious gift that needs to be treasured.
It is something that we need to have.
But this, being a church member, being part of the body somewhere where you can link arms and we can hold each other up as we talked about in adult Sunday school.
And if you weren't there, I want to encourage you.
I happen to get to fill in, teach today.
And I know that many of you weren't there and I want to encourage you, not chastise you, encourage you.
Come at 930.
Break down the scriptures with us.
Come to Sunday school.
We talked about being part of the body of Christ, lifting each other up, not just past or lifting you up, but you lifting up the person in next to you, lifting up their arms and standing in the gap for whatever it may be.
Being a church member, being part of the body is a precious gift.
And so again, in like fashion today,
Our title today is, Treasuring Church Membership as a Gift.
When we treasure this gift, it will greatly affect the way that we love, serve, give, and pray for our local church.
Thank you, dear.
You are awesome.
Man finds a wife, he finds a good thing.
See, again, we're talking about a book loosely based off of Tom Rayner, and he notes in this book, he notes two very different perspectives of church membership.
There's the first one, and the first option we approach church membership, similar to a country club membership, noted in chapter one, or in for us, it was the first sermon that we talked about in this series, how some see the church as a country club, that it is, I pay my dues, we call that what?
tithe, okay?
I pay my dues and the pool boy or the towel boy or the hired hand, who's that?
Okay, he needs to serve me as I call.
Pastor, I need you to come and take me.
Pastor, I need you to go here.
Pastor, I need to, do you have any?
Can I get?
Can't go, whatever.
And we see that as well.
I've paid my money.
I want to show and I want service.
Come on, do what I said.
Option two is the second.
It is the biblical option that sees membership as something to be treasured, something that is important.
It means that we have an opportunity to serve, not to be served.
Our entire attitude
is different when we approach membership in a biblical way.
We talked again about this in Sunday school today.
We have to ask the why.
Why do we do what we do?
Why did you come here today and sit where you sat?
What was your intent?
And I'm gonna ask a hard question.
Was it the green box?
Number one, was it to enjoy the show?
Was it to serve?
Hey, I noticed that you were having a hard time.
Is there anything I can pray for you about?
I noticed you went to the altar last week.
How can I lift you up if you're willing to share?
How can I lift your arms up today or teaching Sunday school?
I came today because I have to teach my Sunday school class.
because if I don't teach my Sunday school class, those kids aren't gonna, or I came today because I have to pastor the little ones in the nursery because if I don't, their first pastor's not gonna be very good and it's not gonna be very consistent and I'm not gonna set a good example.
I came today because I have to make sure X, why did we come?
Why do we do what we do?
Again, our entire attitude
If you come for the first one, your attitude is very different than if you come for the second reason.
If you have a biblical mindset, so this gives us these questions.
What is the greatest gift outside of salvation that you have received?
And why do you consider it such a great gift?
This is one of those things.
If you used to watch talk shows, there was a guy named Arsenio Hall and he had a segment called things to make you say, hmm, if you remember that, you're old, like me.
Why?
We have to ask ourselves, why?
Because our motivation for doing what we do matters.
Why do we come to church?
Why do we sing what we sing?
Why do we pray the way that we pray?
Why do we give what we give?
Why do we serve the way that we serve?
Because motivation is key.
Is it because I want something or is it because he is sovereign and he is my Lord and I am to serve him until he calls me home, whether that is to be downburied or to be caught up in the air one day with him?
Why are we doing what we're doing?
Being part of the body of Christ is a gift.
Church membership, if you're a note-taker, not point number one.
Church membership is a gift.
And I know that you're gonna think, well, pastor, you know, it's just whatever.
But we have scripture to support what we're saying.
Scripture is clear that salvation, a prerequisite for church membership is a gift.
So then,
That carries on forward, numerous verses give evidence of this truth, and we're gonna take some time to consider several.
Again, this is one of those.
If you have your Bible great, we're gonna be turning quickly, but we're gonna go through some scripture today.
We're gonna deep dive a little bit if you're with me.
So I'm gonna need you just to hold on, pay attention.
If you're feeling a little sleepy, okay?
Wake yourself up.
There's free coffee over there.
If you need a cup of coffee.
First passage we're gonna look at Romans chapter three verses 21 to 26.
Again, we're looking at this idea of church membership being a gift.
It says, by now God has shown us the way to be made right with him without keeping the requirements of the law as was promised in the writings of Moses and the prophets long ago.
We are made right with God by placing our faith in Jesus Christ.
This is true for everyone who believes no matter who we are, for everyone is sinned.
We all fall short of God's glorious standard.
That's a familiar passage.
Yes.
Okay.
If it's not, see me.
I'll give you a little handout.
Verse 24.
Yet God in His grace freely makes us right in His sight.
He did this through Christ Jesus when He freed us from the penalty of our sins.
For God presented Jesus as a sacrifice for sin.
People are made right with God when they believe that Jesus sacrificed His life, shedding His blood.
This sacrifice shows that God was being fair when He held back and did not punish those who sinned in times past.
for he was looking ahead and including them and what he would do in this present time.
God did this to demonstrate his righteousness for he himself is fair and just.
He makes sinners right in his sight when they believe in Jesus.
He makes right.
It is a gift.
We don't make right.
We don't fix.
He makes right.
Go to 2 Corinthians 5 and verse 21 is what we're gonna look at.
For God made Christ who never sinned to be an offering, say offering.
Come on now, you can say it better than that offering.
Offering is a free gift for our sin so that we could be made right with God through Christ.
Acts chapter three, verses 18 to 21.
But God was fulfilling what all prophets had foretold about the Messiah.
that he must suffer these things.
Now repent of your sins and turn to God so that your sins may be wiped away.
Then times of refreshment will come from the presence of the Lord and he will again send you Jesus, your appointed Messiah, for he must remain in heaven until the time for the final restoration of all things.
God promised, say promised, long ago through his holy prophets.
These are free gifts.
These are opportunities that we have.
Last passage is Ephesians chapter two, verses one through nine.
Once you were dead because of your disobedience and your many sins, you used to live in sin, just like the rest of the world, obeying the devil, the commander of the powers of the unseen world.
He is the spirit at work in the hearts of those who refuse to obey God.
All of us used to live that way following our passionate desires and inclinations of our sinful nature.
By our very nature, we were subject to God's anger, just like everyone else.
But God is so rich in mercy.
Say mercy.
and he loved us so much that even though we were dead because of our sins, he gave us life when he raised Christ from the dead.
It is only by God's grace that you have been saved.
For he raised us from the dead along with Christ and seated us with him in the heavenly realms because we are united with Christ Jesus.
So God can point us in all
future ages as examples of the incredible wealth of his grace and kindness toward us, as shown in all he has done for us who are united with Christ Jesus.
God saved you by his grace when you believe, and you can't take credit for this.
It is a gift from God.
Salvation is not a reward for good things we have done, so none of us can boast about it.
There's a lot of scripture there.
There's a lot that we could spend the next number of weeks unpacking.
But even though we were dead in our sins, we were made alive in Jesus.
That is the point of all of these passages.
There was a gift that was given.
He paid our sin debt and made it possible for us to have right relationship with Him.
This is a precious gift.
And it's important for us to recognize that our salvation means that we are part of the body
of Christ.
When we became saved, it was not a separating out and sending away.
It was a separating of the old, a cutting away of the old dead flesh of one body, the sinful world, and taking that flesh and breathing
new life into it, speaking new life into it and attaching that old once was dead life and attaching it to a healthy body that is living and moving and growing.
The problem in the church today is we want to take the old dead person that we were before and we want to bring it into the life that God has placed in our local church.
We're to bring life.
We are to be a healthy
organ, a healthy part of the body of Christ.
The old man has died.
The old sin has been wept away.
And we are alive new in Christ.
And we are part of the body that is at this place for this season.
The free gift of salvation affords us another gift, not just the promise of being with the Father, but being part of the body.
This is a gift to be here.
It is not a right.
It is not a country club membership giving dues.
My job is not to serve you and bow to your every need.
Pastor Jonathan, Pastor Sarah, the deacon board, the divisional leaders, the crew leaders, the worship team.
Listen, you know what?
They could stand up here and go, oh, God is in awesome.
It doesn't matter what they sound like.
It doesn't matter if they sound like a dead dying horse.
It doesn't matter if our brother couldn't play a beat on the drums to save his life, praise the Lord he can.
but we come to worship because this isn't a show.
This is just a group of people that said, hey, we love to worship God and we want to help everybody else worship God in whatever way that we can.
It is a gift to be part of the body of Christ wherever we are.
Again, we tend to have some quotes from Tom Rayner through this just as a way to have some perspective as we walk through this journey.
In this he says, do you see what's taking place?
You received a gift, the free gift of eternal salvation.
That gift includes eternal salvation.
It includes forgiveness of sins by Christ's death on a cross.
It includes adoption by God the Father.
It includes the indwelling of the Holy Spirit and it includes becoming part of the body of Christ.
That's right, membership in the body of Christ, the church is a gift from God.
It's not a legalistic obligation.
It's not a country club perks.
It's not a license for entitlement.
It's a gift, a gift from God, a gift that we should treasure with great joy and anticipation.
Do you see it that way?
I'm not asking for any out loud answers.
I've been here for three years, right at almost.
Is that the way that we've seen church over the last three years that I've been here?
Is it the way that we saw church the two and a half years that you guys went without a pastor?
Is it the way that we saw the six months that Pastor Harvey was here or the five years that Pastor Hiltz was here or the however, I don't remember how many beyond that?
How do we see church?
Is it the way that we've seen church the 25 years that the first group of Oguni Africans came to be a temple?
Have we seen it as a gift, or have we seen it as a legalistic my rights?
I'm a voting member of this church, and by golly, I'm going to do it my way.
I'm going to have my voice heard.
It's just a question.
I'm not actually picking at anything, but there is a mindset shift from a country club mindset
to a biblical mindset of serving and being here to serve rather than being served.
The questions that Tom asks is just that.
How does the gift of salvation relate to the gift of church membership?
And why is it important to recognize this connection?
Well, we've laid that out.
When we became saved, we became part of the body of Christ.
Berea Temple is one body of many within the city, within the state, within the country, within the planet, that is working toward a common goal, to see the world changed, and to see Jesus lifted up, and to be a beacon of hope and light in a city that is full of darkness.
And when you came and you said, I want to be a member of this church,
connected with that light and the light of Maria Temple, the light of the body that is at this location that we just happened to call, Maria Temple got brighter.
Hopefully, or maybe the opposite, maybe you joined and you're trying to hold on to some of that old dead self and the light got a little darker.
Only you can decide that with you, with your relationship with God.
So when we talk about treasuring church membership as a gift, it is important that we understand.
Second thing is that the universal church, and we understand the local church.
The universal church versus the local church.
If you've listened to me preach very much, you may have caught, I call this universal church the big sea church.
In other words,
the Baptist, the Methodist, the Bible believing Jesus teaching churches.
And then there's the local church, what we would call the little sea church.
That's us.
That's here at Berea Temple.
All y'all sitting in the rows.
Throughout the New Testament, the term church is used two ways.
One way the term is used
to describe the universal church, all believers everywhere for all ages.
You see this in Ephesians chapter two, verse 11 to 22.
Says, don't forget that you Gentiles used to be outsiders.
You were called uncircumcised heathens by the Jews who were proud of their circumcision, even though it affected only their bodies and not their hearts.
In those days, you were living apart from Christ.
You were excluded from the citizenship among the people of Israel, and you did not know the covenant promises had made to them.
You lived in this world without God and without hope.
But now you have been united with Christ Jesus once you were far away from God, but now you have been brought near to him through the blood of Christ.
For Christ himself has brought us peace.
He united Jew and Gentile into one people and his own body in his own body on the cross.
And he broke down the wall of hostility that separated us.
He did this by ending the system of law with its commandments and regulations.
He made peace between Jew and Gentile by creating
himself one new people from the two groups.
Together as one body Christ reconciled both groups to God by means of His death on the cross and our hostility towards each other was put
to death.
He brought this good news a peace to you Gentiles who were far away from him and peace to the Jews who were near.
Now all of us can come to the Father through the same Holy Spirit because of what Christ has done for us.
So now you Gentiles are no longer strangers and foreigners.
You are citizens along with all of God's holy people.
You are members of God's family.
Together we are His house built on a foundation of the apostles and the prophets and
the cornerstone is Christ Jesus himself.
We are carefully joined together in Him, becoming a holy temple for the Lord.
Through Him, eugenetiles are also being made part of the dwelling where God lives by His Spirit.
There is another passage in Ephesians chapter 5 and verse 22 through 33.
We're not going to read that.
We're simply going to reference it.
but there is this reference to the church universal, the Jews, and then the Gentiles together that we would call in our modern context again, the big sea church.
Another way the term is used is to describe the local church, a specific group gathered of gathered believers in a specific place at a specific time.
Guys, if you would jump the passage to Galatians chapter one, verses one and two.
Thank you.
This letter is from Paul and Apostle.
I was appointed by any group of people or any human authority, but by Jesus Christ himself and by God the Father who raised Jesus from the dead.
All the brothers and sisters here, specific, local, join me in sending this letter to the churches
big sea church, churches of Galatia.
Then if you jump down to Acts chapter 8 and verse 1, it says, Saul was one of the witnesses.
He agreed completely with the killing of Stephen.
A great way of a persecution began that day sweeping over
the church in Jerusalem, specific, a small sea church in Jerusalem.
And all of the believers accept the apostles were scattered through the region of Judea and Samaria.
It's important that we recognize that the New Testament knows nothing of a person who is in the universal church and not the local church.
What do I mean by that?
The local church membership is vital to the growth of a believer.
It is a place where they're able to serve and to use their gifts well
as the place where they are held accountable.
You cannot be part of the big sea church without being part of the little sea church.
It doesn't work that way.
Some believers, and I've heard this as a pastor, I cannot tell you in personal evangelism how many times I have been told by a person.
Well, you know, pastor, I used to go church.
I love Jesus.
I'm go, I, sir, I worship, I pray, I just don't go to church because it's full of hypocrites.
I don't go to church anymore because it's just nothing but whatever excuse they want to give that fits their narrative.
I just can't go to that church no more.
That preacher, those people, I saw a brother so and so at the bar last night.
And he was drunk in a skunk and then he wants to come into church on Sunday and look down his nose at me because, you know, I still smell like cigarette smoke because God hasn't given me freedom yet.
So I don't go to church, but I love the Lord.
It's okay.
I don't, I don't have to go to church to be a Christian.
Okay.
But it's problematic to have that mindset.
I don't know that I would draw a hard line, but it creates a situation where when you start reconciling other scripture, we talk a lot about being a good student of God's word.
When we start taking other passages of scripture like not forsaking the gathering together as some have done,
And you go, well, wait a minute.
Rainer has this to say about it.
He says, it's lame.
It's a lame and invalid excuse to say that you will limit your involvement to the universal church, the big teacher.
I'm a Christian.
The Bible is clear that we are to be connected to a specific church in a specific context.
So why is it important
to be a member of a local church.
And why do you think some people do not see this as important anymore?
Well, I think there's reasons that I just gave.
We've had an awful lot of Christians who don't know how to act like a Christian.
Somebody tell me what the word Christian means.
Christ-like, thank you.
I was real a little worried that I didn't get an immediate response because I was like, wait, that should be basic.
There's an awful lot of Christians
that don't act Christ-like.
There's an awful lot of Christians that want to get their Bible thumping stick out and start shaking it at people.
There's a lot of older ladies, forgive me ladies, I'm talking about when I was a kid, not you, who like to get that finger wagon.
You know, if you don't act right, God's not whatever.
We don't act like Christians.
We don't act like the Jesus of the Bible.
There was very little time that Jesus got mad or got angrier or got so frustrated that he let it lash out.
Most of the time he said, hey listen, you know what, come here, let's talk.
Let me put my arm around you.
Let me listen to what is going on in your life.
Let me stop what I'm doing because whatever I'm doing is not as important as what you need to hear at this moment.
And he gave and he served and he gave up.
And as Christians, we tend to forget that.
Last thing I promise will get us pushed through here.
that we need to understand about being a church member.
About treasuring church membership as a gift is that we need to understand and cherish the gift of being a church member.
We need to understand what it is to be, not just we are,
an AG church, but we are an AG church member.
What does it mean because the next series that we're gonna go into, and I'm not gonna share too much more, but is gonna be taking what we have been talking about all year and start beginning to put it, rubber meets the road, put it into actual practice.
Why have we been talking about this?
Because if we are not all on the same page as if each one of us is trying to do our own thing and I want my agenda and I want my way and I'm gonna have it.
then we're not going to go anywhere as a church.
We will continue to circle and we will continue to spin and we will continue to have a visitor and then they're going to leave out the back doors or out this way because they're not going to stay because nobody wants to be connected to a dead dying building or a dead dying church.
And so we're gonna take what we have and we're gonna build a foundation together and we're gonna go somewhere with it.
And then we're gonna take the church, the body, and we're gonna stand it back up in all of its strength and all of its glory.
And we are gonna say, we are a representation of Jesus Christ in a lost and dying world of St. Louis.
And we are gonna go stand up and we are gonna stand on the corner of Compton and Russell.
And we are gonna shine the light of Jesus to anybody who will listen.
I don't care what color skin they have, where they come from,
what their background is, or frankly what their sexual orientation is.
We are gonna love the body of Christ.
That is who we need to be.
How do you respond when you receive a gift that you absolutely love?
Teenagers.
Not that many of us are able to do this unfortunately in this economy, but your mom and dad when you turned 16 handed you a set of car keys.
Where you graduated high school and man, you know they scrimped and saved and they handed you a new laptop so that you could go off to school.
Your wives, your husband brought you home your favorite flowers or your favorite perfume.
You know he had to put him a little bit of money away every week.
He had to put that pocket coin.
He had to keep it hidden because it was a little bit expensive.
But man, you're so grateful that he gave it.
How do you normally respond when you receive those kinds of gifts?
I don't know about you, but I respond with gratitude.
Honey, thank you so much.
Oh my gosh.
For Father's Day this year, I had been wanting a new grill.
So if you ever walk over under the awning over there, you will notice there is a new grill sitting under there.
And it's not a grill grill, it's those things they call a black stone, but it's the knockoff, you know, because that's what we buy.
But my boys put their money together and they bought that for me.
And I was grateful, it was awesome.
And so now I have this big, it's a griddle.
It's not really a grill, it's a griddle.
And I've already cooked a bunch of meals on it.
And unfortunately, now I'm just out of gas.
I'm out of propane because I cooked so much on it.
But I was thankful.
It was special.
We are able to communicate sincere gratitude for the gift that we were given.
Rainer says this about it.
He says, church membership is a gift.
It's a gift that must be treasured.
It should not be taken for granted or considered lightly.
Because it's a gift, we must always be thankful for it.
And when we are thankful for something, we have less time and energy to be negative.
When we receive a gift with true appreciation, we naturally want to respond to the giver.
We therefore see service to God as a natural outflow of the joy of our salvation and the consequent joy of our church membership.
We consider it a privilege to serve the king so we look for those opportunities at the church where we serve.
So if I were to take this last statement,
We consider it a privilege to serve the king so we look for opportunities at the church where we serve.
If I were to take that statement and compare it to the number of empty slots that we have in our organization right now, what would that communicate about Berea Temple?
I'm not making a dig one way or the other.
I'm asking you to ponder the question.
You specifically just ask yourself,
Am I involved?
Am I responding to the free gift that God has given me in church membership by being involved and serving in my local church, being an active part of the body of Christ?
Again, no judgment inward contemplation.
How we should respond to God knowing how precious the gift of salvation is,
When we receive his gift of salvation, church membership with a grateful heart will naturally desire to serve within the body here.
We'll recognize that our local church is composed of people just like us, sinners who've been redeemed by the blood of Christ, sinners who are on a path of sanctification.
Listen friends, I've not arrived yet.
I'm not perfect.
Most of you would say, amen.
I make mistakes, I make bad choices, I really think this is where we should go and we should have gone that way and I go, oh Lord, how did I miss that?
All right, back up.
Let's go this way now.
Eat a little crow, get my foot out of my mouth.
All of us, everybody's sitting in here.
is on a road, on a path to sanctification.
None of us have arrived.
The most that we can say is that we've given our heart and life to Jesus, and everything after that is just a work towards trying to serve our King.
At one time or another, every one of us were enemies of God, but have now become his sons and daughters.
That's what unifies us.
When we have this mindset, we'll seek to love, serve, and pray for brothers and sisters in Christ.
Matthew 2028 says that, for even the Son of Man came not to serve, came not to be served, but to serve others, and to give his life a ransom for many.
Why?
Ask yourself why?
If you heard nothing else from this message, ask yourself,
Why?
Why do you come?
Why do you serve?
Why do you give?
Why are you a church member?
Regardless of whether it's at Brea Temple or it's at whatever other church is around here that maybe you have visited.
Why?
We are here because God has planted us and is building something.
And we are an active part of that chosen by God for this season, for this purpose.
You are not here by accident.
You are here to serve because God has given you a most precious gift.
Rainer at the end of each chapter,
has what he calls a quote or a pledge.
And this is our final one for this series.
Says, I am a church member.
This membership is a gift.
When I received the free gift of salvation through Jesus Christ, I became part of the body of Christ.
I soon therefore identified with a local body and was baptized.
And now I am humbled and honored to serve and to love others in our church.
I pray that I will never take my membership for granted, but see it as a gift and an opportunity to serve others and to be part of something so much greater than any one person or member.
So I'm going to leave us with, again, two questions.
As you look over all that we've covered throughout the series, I am a church member.
What area will be your greatest challenge?
And what in areas of your life can you make immediate change?
We're all working towards the same goal.
So as we close today, we are going to close as we have each one of these messages, we are going to close in communion.
Now we don't typically do communion every Sunday, but we are gonna close in communion.
Now want us to remember when we come to the table, when we take the elements,
I want us to remember the ultimate gift that we've received.
I started out the message with the ending.
That we've all received a free gift, but the gift wasn't really free.
It had a cost.
And when we come to the table today, we remember the cost of the free gift that we were given.
Jesus gave His life for our salvation.
This act of love and sacrifice is the absolute foundation for everything that we do in our faith as a church member, we do because Jesus paid the ultimate price.
When we take the bread, when we take the cup, today I don't want us, normally we would say we want you to do this in reflection of all that Jesus had done.
And typically it's a somber moment.
Oh Lord, thank you for your body and your blood.
Father, thank you for giving us the opportunity.
But today I want to ask you, this is our last communion for this series, and I want to ask you to do it a little bit different.
As we reflect, I want you to do it with gratitude.
Lord, thank you.
I know it was difficult.
I can't imagine.
what you had to go through.
But thank you for doing it because you were obedient.
I get to be here today because you were obedient.
I get to connect with fellow brothers and sisters and I get to be part of that broken body and I get to be connected.
Thank you for taking and allowing your blood to be spilled because it was only in that blood that all of the junk that Mike Gonzalez has ever done has been hidden and covered under that umbrella of your blood.
And I get to be seen by the Almighty God as spotless and pure.
Thank you.
So I'm gonna ask in just a moment for the ushers to come.
And we're gonna distribute the elements and we're gonna pray over each one.
But I'd like you as the choir, as the worship team sings, just want you to reflect out of a heart of gratitude for all that God has done and all that he's going to do in and through your lives.
Amen.
Ushers, if you would come and prepare yourselves.